# BUDGE, application produced for Junction 2019 for the Data Economics track

Nowadays, society's awareness of the need for change in view of challenges like climate change, demographic change, and overconsumption increases. Yet, our behavior is still often not aligned with our values. We still buy things we do not need and we are not aware of the contribution of how our tiny daily decisions (i.e. taking the car instead of bike) impact the achievement of goals like "saving", "sustainability" or "health". 

Budge changes this. We enable people to manage their financials based on their savings goals and personal values. Users can define and rank life values they target to live by such as sustainability or health and set concrete saving targets like "Save up for a €500 smartwatch". 

They can then set strategies to achieve their value-based lifestyle and saving goals. Based on data, our app suggests customized behaviors to achieve the goals like not taking the daily Starbucks coffee, or cycling to work instead of taking the car. Users can accept these small lifestyle "challenges". If they, for example, take on the challenge of not buying the daily Starbuck's coffee (that we know of from their purchasing habits), the money for it will instead be automatically transferred to the savings towards their wishlist. However, the user can, of course, transfer the money back to the main account anytime. 

Based on actual data, there is also a digital inventory created of all the non-durables (i.e. food with an expiry date; clothes)  and durables (i.e. car, electronics) that users have bought and own. Data to create this inventory is retrieved from financial purchasing data (here: Kaggle Dataset of eCommerce purchases), invoices and booking confirmations (i.e. Gmail) and data shared by the stores (here: K-Market). The user is enabled to make informed decisions based on their own data. Users then can, for example, give away or sell the items in a third-party second-hand platform and contribute further towards goals like "sustainability or "savings". Here lies a value for business partners, too. Companies like Patagonia that are taking back their own clothes to sell them second hand, get encouraged to become a value-based brand that align with the users' behaviors and goals.
